Doc(release) Release notes modules 24.10 nov2025 (#4925)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-24.10/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions.mdx

## Centreon MAP

### 24.10.13

Release date: `December 22, 2025`

<details open>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

- [Geoviews] It is now possible to define geo coordinates for Maps, and to display them in Geoviews.
- [Library] Added the possibility to select a custom icon representing a Geoview.

> - [Server] Reduced JWT token lifetime default value to 1 day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Server] Reduced the JWT token default lifetime value to 1 day.
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [Editor] Fixed issue preventing imgages from being updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Editor] Fixed an issue that prevented images from being updated.
```

- [Geoviews] Fixed several issues in the edition modal.
- [Geoviews] The service state (acknowledged, in downtime...) is now clearly indicated.
- [MAP] Fixed an issue causing MAP sharing to fail when using MySQL as the SGBD.

> - [MAP Editor] Fixed an issue preventing to set white in light theme and black in dark theme as color for text, background and border. This fix is not retroactive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [MAP Editor] Fixed an issue that prevented setting white (for the light mode) and black ( for the dark mode) as the color for text, background, and border colors. This fix is not retroactive.
```

- [Server] Fixed issue preventing MAP Legacy from starting correctly.
- [Translation] Restored translations from UI tooltips.

> - [Upgrade] Fixed issue with missing "SecurityPolicy" class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Server] Fixed an issue preventing MAP Legacy from starting correctly.
- [Translation] Restored translations from UI tooltips.
- [Upgrade] Fixed an issue caused by a missing SecurityPolicy class.
```

> - [Viewer] Fixed the display of host groups, services and Business Activities icons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Viewer] Fixed an issue with the display of icons for host groups, services and Business Activities.
```

> - [Viewer] Fixed the issue with label height being cropped while zooming on geometric resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Viewer] Fixed an issue with the label height being cropped while zooming on geometric resources.
```

> - [Viewer] Fixed the redirection link to Resource Status page when clicking on a meta service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Viewer] Fixed the link redirecting to the Resource Status page when clicking on a meta service.
```

> - [Viewer] Link legend - Fixed position and colors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Viewer] Fixed an issue that caused the Link legend widget to always appear on the top left instead of where users placed it as well as its start and end colors to be swapped.
```

> - [Viewer] The issue with label height being cropped while zooming on geometric resources has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Centreon BAM

### 24.10.10

Release date: `December 22, 2025`

<details open>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

> - [BA diagram] Label width has been increased, to display longer names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [BA diagram] Label width has been increased to display longer names.
```

An ellipsis has also been added to indicate that a label is too long to be fully displayed.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [BA diagram] Fixed issue preventing widget from working properly when displayed in a Playlist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [BA diagram] Fixed an issue preventing widgets from working properly when displayed in a Playlist.
```

> - [BA Monitoring] Fixed display of KPI listing when Business Activity belongs to several Business Views.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [BA monitoring] Fixed an issue that caused some KPIs to be displayed multiple times in the KPI listing if the Business Activity belonged to several Business Views.
```

## Centreon Auto Discovery

### 24.10.9

Release date: `December 22, 2025`

<details open>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

- [Discovery] Added logs for job creation/edition/deletion.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

- [Configuration] Fixed SQL Error in service discovery with MySQL platform.
- [Discovery] Fixed an issue where wrong parsing of cidr could cause host discovery fail.
- [Translation] Restored translations from UI tooltips.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Security fixes</summary>

> - [Security] New install - Improved default Centreon Gorgone configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Security] New install - Improved the default configuration of Centreon Gorgone.
```

## Centreon Anomaly Detection

### 24.10.6

Release date: `December 22, 2025`

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - Fixed an issue with the database name that could not contain the characters “-” or “_” for Anomaly Detection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Anomaly detection] Fixed an issue with the database name that could not contain the characters “-” or “_” for Anomaly Detection.
```

## Centreon IT Edition Extensions

### 24.10.9

Release date: `December 22, 2025`

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [Playlists] Fixed error when modifying a dashboard, and then displaying it exclusively in a playlist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Playlists] Fixed an issue when modifying a dashboard, and then displaying it exclusively in a playlist.
```

> 	[Playlists] Fixed an issue where some playlists were displayed twice in the listing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Playlists] Fixed an issue where some playlists were displayed twice in the listing.
```

> - [Playlists] Fixed issue with Single Metric widget configured with a meta-service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Playlists] Fixed an issue with the Single Metric widget displaying wrong data when configured with a meta-service.
```
